Beautiful.
Once we have our setup let's start with general naming conventions.
So each and every time we're gonna work with flux box we're gonna have two things a parent container
referred to as a flex container and children referred as flex items.
Now keep in mind in our case we have five children correct.
We have five boxes but the same would work even if we would have only one child.
Also a parent and children can be any age.
The amount elements as long as it makes sense.
So please don't try to put divs within the button.
Now once we got that out of the way how we can start working with the flex box.
Well it's essentially quite easy.
So again I'm gonna head over to a style but of course we could have done it within the CNS within the
style C assess and I'm gonna have to select a parent container or a flex container.
Now what is the class for my flex container.
Oh I believe it is a container container like so.
And then we have a display property.
So display property and now the value is going to be either flex or in conflicts.
And then the second I'm going to show you the differences but let's go with the flex and you'll notice
that right away my boxes are stacked side by side.
Now I wanted to let you know right away.
There's multiple properties with multiple values that come by default.
That's the reason why we right away see this kind of layout.
And of course we're gonna cover those properties and we're gonna take a look at those defaults.
But please understand that it is not just this property that makes it happen.
However the moment we type it like I said behind the scenes there are some properties with some defaults
already and that's the reason why we have this current layout right away.
Now like I said we also had an option of inline flex so just for your reference I'm going to keep this
and I'm just gonna come in to sell it and then let's write again and display and in this case we're
gonna go for display property and let's write in line flex.
Now the difference between these two is as you see in the browser while the flex is in fact a block
level element where it's spanning all across the page and I think it's going to be a little bit easier
to take a look at that in the browser where we're taking a look at the bigger browser window.
So let me open up a new browser window.
Let's head over actually to believe it was 80 80.
Something like that.
And notice this is in line flex when in fact it is a inline element so it takes up only the space that
in fact the boxes have.
So if the boxes would be bigger then of course we would take up a bigger space.
However as far as the block level element the one that is flex while it takes up the whole screen size.
So depending on the screen size it is going to be spanning all across just like a normal block level
element.
So those would be the differences now with our examples.
We're just going to focus on the flex so the block level one.
But please keep in mind that you also have an option of working with the inline element and then the
property is going to have a value of inline flex.